Inspirational music playing in background...
- Meet Violet
- Hello! My name is Violet.
I am 80 years old and I was quite fit and healthy until my recent fall.
It’s been awfully hard being injured.
'Cause for many years I’ve been on my own and I’ve always been independent and looked after myself.
I’m slowly getting used to receiving care.
And I’ve always taken immense pride in keeping my surroundings clean.
But now that someone else does the cleaning, well, I feel let down.
It’s not how I would do it.
But I’m not sure if I should mention this to Bijay, he's the person that does my cleaning.
My niece says I should, but I don’t want to bother anyone, maybe I can just do some extra cleaning myself….
- Welcome to the best practice feedback and complaints handling module.
This module will help you to understand best practice complaints handling.
Together we will explore
why feedback and complaints are important
what best practice looks like when receiving feedback or a complaint
the 6 stages of complaints handling
what training and support materials are available for you.
Join us as we get to know Violet.
We’ll help Bijay and his team work through Violet’s concerns and apply best practice when receiving feedback and complaints.
Scroll down to find out more about your learning.